[Music]
over a millennia a meteor hit with metal
as a feeling vibranium moves me the
password telling in the drop start
killing bass was a hit to the hardship
barfi the first pack death to repent
under one king the one one I thought all
little skid out but we wanna stay here
but kinda forever y'all know new players
bring the flora open 9 to practice with
the brother of the king try to do his
own J because he couldn't guess if the
rest were impressed so we plan to give
him weapons is to get it off his chest
though we gave
sit above the chocolate Oh Jerry go see
what's going on dessert can come and
copy any blue a spark and tataka killed
his mother Betty when she was adopted
[Music]
is all awesome the era comes knocking
Ross gets shot in
[Music]
the fairy tale Janet but his father got
killed so another knows manner and made
his will strong
I know you
[Music]
boss bars up it's just laying down scary
with never gonna sneeze instead of being
say brother
[Music]
that was black dancer y'all this is
recap raps make the JCB pmc crap check
it out on the Internet's
we'll see you next time sorry I was just
caught up in the moment maybe not this
time right there what's up guys think
what you like this click the box will
let you see more recap raps open the box
on the right to see another top video I
don't feel so good
whoops on